How's the paternity test going?
Mr. Gu
The hair of the young master and Miss Jiang has been sent to the hospital
Now.
The hospital will notify me as soon as there is any news
Oh.
Wait, mom will take you to the playground today
So what do you want to play today?
I want to play feeding the big fish
And catch fish?
Don't move mommy mommy
You let him go
Wants me to let him go
I'll let go of him if I destroy my face
Hurry up or I'll strangle him to death
Don't worry, Mommy said it will protect you.
Male soldiers don't stab
stab hard
You want this child to die?
Sister is great
Dare to take my son hostage
How dare you!
Don't chase
I will investigate this matter clearly.
I can't escape
Trash Doudou, are you alright?
I'm all right
Doudou, you are amazing
You are such a little warrior who is not afraid of big bad guys
Assistant Sun, uh, Mr. Gu
I heard there was someone who looked a lot like him.
Just want to take a look
Well, please take a selfie.
Hey thanks
What the hell are you doing?
The identification results are out on my phone
The appraisal results are finally out
Jiang Cancan
Whether you are Doudou Mommy can be revealed